Add homebrew installation instructions to README.md (#718)
fortran-lang/fpm: README.md

[Spack]: https://spack.io

> #### [Homebrew]
> 
> Fpm is available with Homebrew via the [fortran-lang/homebrew-fortran] tap.
> To use Homebrew to install fpm, execute
> 
> ```
> brew tap fortran-lang/fortran
> brew install fpm
> ```
> 
> For more details check the package information [here](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/package_list.html#fpm).
> 
> [Homebrew]: https://homebrew.io
> [fortran-lang/homebrew-fortran]: https://github.com/fortran-lang/homebrew-fortran

Reviewer: `````suggestion
#### Homebrew

The Fortran Package Manager (fpm) is available for the [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) package manager on MacOS via an additional tap.
To install fpm via brew, include the new tap and install it using

```
brew tap fortran-lang/fortran
brew install fpm
```

Binary distributions are available for MacOS 11 (Catalina) and 12 (Big Sur) for x86_64 architectures. For other platforms fpm will be built locally from source automatically.

Fpm should be available and functional after those steps.
For more details checkout the tap [here](https://github.com/fortran-lang/homebrew-fortran).
`````
